c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.pdb
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.pdb
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.pdb
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerRepositories.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerModels.dll
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerRepositories.pdb
c:\users\zamap\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerModels.pdb
C:\Users\zamap\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\zamap\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\zamap\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerRepositories.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerModels.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerRepositories.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerModels.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Desktop\Kuerzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerRepositories.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerModels.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerRepositories.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Kuerzer.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerModels.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\obj\Debug\Kuerzer.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerCommon.dll
C:\Users\Alexander_Zamaraev\Documents\GitHub\kurzer\Kuerzer.Tests\bin\Debug\KuerzerCommon.pdb
